{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Le RQ della SLR e le relative metriche da raccogliere:\
\
1. What is the state-of-the-art research in RTSO approaches?,\
\
  1.1 What is the research trend of RTSO techniques? [Metrica: anno pubblicazione]\
\
  1.2 What are the distribution, differences, and limitations of RTSO approaches? [Metrica: classe della tassonomia]\
\
  1.3 How RTSO problems are usually formalized? [Metrica: \{multi-obj,single-obj\}]\
\
2. What type of SUT are used in RTSO experiments?\
\
  2.1 What datasets/SUT are most used in RTSO techniques? [Metrica: nome del dataset/SUT]\
\
  2.2 What are the application domains of commonly used SUT? [Metrica: \{nome del dataset/SUT : nome del dominio applicativo\} -> Esempio \'93GSDTSR:dataset of test suite results\'94]\
\
  2.3 Used SUT/datasets are representative of real-world scenarios? [Metrica: \{nome dataset/SUT : # di casi di test\} -> Esempio \'93GSDTSR:5554\'94]\
\
3. What is the trend of metrics used for RTSO techniques?,\
\
  3.1 What selection criteria are used by RTSO techniques? [Metrica: nome del parametro -> Esempio \'93[stmt/method/...] coverage, execution time, ecc\'85\'94]\
\
  3.2 What metrics are mostly used to evaluate RTSO techniques? [Metrica: nome della metrica Esempio -> Hypervolume]\
\
4. How empirical evaluations of RTSO techniques have been conducted?\
\
  4.1 How experiments are usually designed? [Metrica: # esperimenti e/o test statistici] \
\
  4.2 What conclusions can we draw from empirical evidences? [Metrica: breve descrizione]}